Update cron library for ldap sync (#47983)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/enterprise/enhanced_ldap.md

# @weekly                | Run once a week, midnight between Sat/Sun  | 0 0 0 * * 0
# @daily (or @midnight)  | Run once a day, midnight                   | 0 0 0 * * *
# @hourly                | Run once an hour, beginning of hour        | 0 0 * * * *
sync_cron = "0 1 * * *" # This is default value (At 1 am every day)

> # This cron expression format uses 6 space-separated fields (including seconds), for example

Author: ```suggestion
# This cron expression format uses 5 space-separated fields, for example
```
